[Auth] Browser-based OAuth login (#4354)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/package_reference/cli.md

### `hf auth login`

> Login to the Hub with your browser, or with a token passed via --token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Login from your browser, or using a token from huggingface.co/settings/tokens.
```

(nit) (to be updated in auth.py)
